Update lineage UI docs based on the new integrated tab (#1308)
astronomer/docs: astro/data-lineage.md

From the **Lineage** tab on Astro, you can access the following four pages:

> - **Runs**: A real-time overview of all **runs** that emit data lineage across your Organization. A run can be an Airflow task run or any other process configured to emit lineage data to Astronomer, such as a Spark job.

Author: @conorbev I noticed that we eliminated almost all uses of the word "Jobs" in this update, with the exception of the "Issues" tab. Please let me know if I've got the right usage documented here.

Reviewer: yes, lgtm

> - **Runs**: A real-time overview of all **runs** that emit data lineage across your Organization. A run can be an Airflow task run or any other process configured to emit lineage data to Astronomer, such as a Spark job.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Runs**: A real-time overview of all runs that emit data lineage across your Organization. A run can be an Airflow task run or any other process configured to emit lineage data to Astronomer, such as a Spark job.
```

- **Datasets**: A real-time overview of all recent **datasets** that your DAGs have read or written to.
- **Issues**: A view of potential issues or statistical inconsistencies related to your runs or datasets.
- **Lineage**: A graph view that visualizes data lineage.
- **Integrations**: A view of your current data lineage integrations.

> You can use these pages to diagnose issues that may be difficult to troubleshoot in other environments. For example, if an Airflow task failed because a database schema changed, you can use the **Lineage** page on Astro to determine which run caused the change and which downstream tasks failed as a result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use these pages to diagnose issues that may be difficult to troubleshoot in other environments. For example, if an Airflow task failed because a database schema changed, you can use the **Lineage** page of the Cloud UI to determine which run caused the change and which downstream tasks failed as a result.
```

By default, when you access the **Lineage** page from the left menu, the last lineage graph you viewed is displayed. If you go directly to the **Lineage** page without viewing a lineage graph, no lineage graph data is displayed. If this happens, you can access a job run using the search bar or use the **Runs** page to populate the **Lineage** page with data.

:::

:::info

A lineage graph with a single node indicates that the run you selected didn't emit any information about input or output datasets. Typically, this occurs when an Airflow task isn't using a [supported Airflow operator](data-lineage-support-and-compatibility.md). You can still view the duration of this run over time.

:::

## Navigating the lineage graph

In the **Lineage** page, Astronomer renders your data pipeline as a directed graph of **run** and **dataset** nodes:

- A **run** node represents an individual step in your data pipeline, such as an Airflow task or a Spark job.
- A **dataset** node represents a data source that a run interacts with, such as a Snowflake database.

Directed vertices connect runs to datasets and datasets to runs. Two runs or two datasets can't be connected by a single vertex.

> In the following example, `etl_menus` is a run that exists as part of the `etl_orders` group in the `food_delivery` namespace. A blue vertex connects `etl_menus` to the `public.menus` dataset, and dots moving towards the dataset indicate that `insert` interacted with data in this dataset. The moving dots along the blue line continue into the `etl` group, which contains more runs and datasets. To see exactly where this data will flow in the `etl` group, you can expand the group using the blue arrow next to the left of its name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, `etl_menus` is a run that exists as part of the `etl_orders` group in the `food_delivery` namespace. A blue vertex connects `etl_menus` to the `public.menus` dataset, and dots moving towards the dataset indicate that `insert` interacted with data in this dataset. The moving dots along the blue line continue into the `etl` group, which contains more runs and datasets. To see exactly where this data will flow in the `etl` group, you can expand the group using the blue arrow to the left of its name.
```

![Lineage graph example showing different nodes and vertices](/img/docs/lineage-overview.png)

To navigate larger graphs, click and drag your mouse across the screen. To zoom in on a specific section of a graph, you can either scroll your mouse or click the magnifying glass icons in the information pane on the lower-left of the screen.

Click or hover over a node to view the following information about the dataset or run:

- **Namespace**: The namespace of the Deployment containing the run.
- **Name**: The DAG ID and task ID of the run, formatted as `<dag-id>.<task-id>`.
- **Run information (run only)**: Metadata and status information about the run.
- **Great Expectations (dataset only)**: The status of a dataset's Great Expectations data quality checks.

> Click a node to populate the information pane with detailed information about the run or dataset. For more information about using this view, see [View metrics for a specific run or dataset](data-lineage.md#view-metrics-for-a-specific-run-or-dataset).

Reviewer 3: I think we should put some more thought into using the word "dataset" and be careful about confusing people between an [Airflow Dataset](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-datasets) and an [OpenLineage Dataset](https://openlineage.io/apidocs/javadoc/io/openlineage/client/OpenLineage.Dataset.html)

- **Namespace**: The namespace of the Deployment in which the job ran.
- **Name**: The DAG ID and task ID of the job, formatted as `<dag-id>.<task-id>`.
- **Run information (job only)**: Metadata and status information about the job run.
- **Quality checks (dataset only)**: The status of a dataset's data quality checks.
- **Namespace**: The namespace of the Deployment containing the run.
- **Name**: The DAG ID and task ID of the run, formatted as `<dag-id>.<task-id>`.
- **Run information (run only)**: Metadata and status information about the run.
- **Great Expectations (dataset only)**: The status of a dataset's Great Expectations data quality checks.

Click a node to populate the information pane with detailed information about the job or dataset. For more information about using this view, see [View metrics for a specific job or dataset](data-lineage.md#view-metrics-for-a-specific-job-or-dataset).
Click a node to populate the information pane with detailed information about the run or dataset. For more information about using this view, see [View metrics for a specific run or dataset](data-lineage.md#view-metrics-for-a-specific-run-or-dataset).

> ### Access the graph legend

Author: @conorbev I couldn't find this page in the new view, has it been / will it be ported?

Reviewer: Ah, yeah. That is not being ported. Good catch.

### Compare lineage graphs from previous runs

The **Compare** view shows a list of past instances for a given run. Using this view, you can select two different run instances to see what changed in your pipelines between the two run instances.

1. Click a run on the graph.
   
2. Click **Compare**. 

    ![Compare tab example](/img/docs/lineage-compare.png)

    A bar graph appears showing you the time and duration of previous runs with the same run ID. The colored bar for a run indicates the run's duration and state. Successful runs have a green bar while failed runs have a red bar. 

3. Select any two runs to open the comparison view for your graph. In this view:

>     - Runs and datasets that experienced a code change between the time of your selected runs noted with an organe icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Runs and datasets that experienced a code change between the time of your selected runs are identified with an orange icon.
```

Is it an icon, or is the text orange?

Author: It's a little notification circle like you would find on facebook/ instagram. Not exactly an icon, but can't think of a better name?

Reviewer 2: @jwitz I think you're referring these icons:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/195080322-b154b656-23e2-44c7-a3b9-9655751d51d9.png)

If my assumption is correct, you could use its location to help with identification. For example:

_An orange, superscript icon identifies..._

Does the icon have hover text in the UI? If so, use that for the icon name. If it doesn't, open an issue and request that hover text be added. We shouldn't rely only on color and location to identify icons. They should all have names to make referencing them easier and for accessibility.

>     - The run whose instances you're comparing is highlighted in orange and labeled as **Comparing Task**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The run whose instances you're comparing is highlighted in orange and labeled **Comparing Task**.
```

    - Any part of the data pipeline that is affected by the code change is highlighted with orange vertices. 

>     - When you click on a run or a datset which experienced a code change during the comparison period, the bottom table highlights the code change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - When you click a run or a dataset which experienced a code change during the comparison period, the code change is highlighted in the bottom table.
```

  
4. Select a run or dataset that experienced a code change.
   
5. Click the **Info** tab. Instead of showing a single code source, this tab now shows code differences during your comparison period. Use this information to determine what code change might have caused downstream errors.

> In the following example, two instances of the run `analytics.delivery_times_7_days` are being compared over a period of time. During this period, the dataset `public.delivery_7_days` experienced a code change. Because this dataset is upstream of the compared run, it's marked with an orange notification and has an orange vertex connecting it to the run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, two instances of the run `analytics.delivery_times_7_days` are being compared over time. During this period, the dataset `public.delivery_7_days` experienced a code change. Because this dataset is upstream of the compared run, it's marked with an orange notification and has an orange vertex connecting it to the run.
```

> After clicking on the dataset, the metrics window shows the message **CHANGES BETWEEN COMPARED RUNS** and a notification appears on the **Info** tab. After clicking on the **Info** tab, the UI shows that the `discount_id` filed was changed from an `INTEGER` to a `VARCHAR` type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After clicking the dataset, the metrics window shows the message **CHANGES BETWEEN COMPARED RUNS** and a notification appears on the **Info** tab. After clicking the **Info** tab, the UI shows that the `discount_id` filed was changed from an `INTEGER` to a `VARCHAR` type.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/193812745-cfccdc6c-2114-49f2-9d83-b8db39617dce.png)

The **Issues** page identifies the following issues:

> - **Job Execution Issues**: A job execution issue occurs when a run emits an error that it did not successfully complete. This metric is only available for Deployments using Runtime 5.0.0+.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Job Execution Issues**: A job execution issue occurs when a run emits an error that it did not successfully complete. This metric is only available for Deployments using Runtime 5.0.0 and later.
```

- **Job Duration Issues**: A job duration issue occurs when a run's duration differs by more than three standard deviations from the average run time for that specific run.
- **Data Quality Issues**: If you integrate with [Great Expectations](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-great-expectations/), an open source data quality tool, this metric will track issues generated by expectation quality checks for datasets. Use this tab to detect data quality failures that could indicate an upstream problem.

## View a summary of past runs

> By default, the **Lineage** page shows the last lineage graph you accessed. To view metrics about all of your runs and access lineage graphs, click **Runs** on the left sidebar. This page is structured similarly to the Airflow UI calendar view. It provides a list of your most recent runs, as well as a calendar that shows all runs over the last year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the **Lineage** page shows the last lineage graph you accessed. To view metrics about all of your runs and access lineage graphs, click **Runs** on the left sidebar. This page is structured similarly to the Airflow UI calendar view. It provides a list of your most recent runs, as well as a calendar that shows all runs for the last year.
```

![Lineage summary page](/img/docs/lineage-explore.png)

This view can help you get a better sense of the scope of your lineage integrations. It can also help you confirm that a recent run was picked up by the lineage backend as expected.

## View recently accessed datasets

Use the **Datasets** page to view a table of recent datasets that your DAGs have read or written to. This information can help you quickly identify dataset dependencies and data pipeline access requirements.

> ![Datasets page](/img/release-notes/lineage-datasets.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Datasets page](/img/docs/lineage-datasets.png)
```
